Intro rewrite (#6)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/introduction.tex

\section{Introduction}\label{sec:introduction}
% LDA / Topic Modeling Intro

> Within the field of Topic modeling, \gls{lda} has proven successful in finding underlying topics within a corpus of text documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the field of topic modeling, \gls{lda} has proven successful in finding underlying topics within a corpus of text documents.
```

These topics are constructed based on the documents in the corpus and words within these documents. 
However, other extensions of \gls{lda} have also modeled various other information, such as authors, to generate better topics and/or topics with different focuses and potential uses.

% Author-Topic

> One of the well known extensions is the Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic} that combine the \gls{lda} model with author information to model the relationship between authors and the documents, which they have written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the well known extensions is the Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic} that combines the \gls{lda} model with author information to model the relationship between authors and the documents, which they have written.
```

> One of the well known extensions is the Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic} that combine the \gls{lda} model with author information to model the relationship between authors and the documents, which they have written.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One of the well-known extensions is the Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic} that combines the \gls{lda} model with author information to model the relationship between authors and the documents, which they have written.
```

> This is based on the observations that most authors write about only a few different topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is based on the assumption that most authors usually write about only a few different topics.
```

> This is based on the observations that most authors write about only a few different topics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is based on the assumption that most authors write about only a few different topics.
```

> By modeling this relationship they find connections between authors and topics, and between different authors, giving further potential uses to the topics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By modeling this relationship, they find connections between authors and topics, and between different authors, giving more underlying information to the topics.
```

> They also show that the Author-Topic combination yields better and more coherent topics, which begs the question whether any other document related data can be applied in a similar fashion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They also show that the Author-Topic combination yields better and more coherent topics, which begs the question of whether any other document-related data can be applied similarly.
```

% Topic Modeling dataset

> In \gls{lda}, the data used is a corpus of documents, each document containing a sequence of words. However often the dataset that will form this corpus also comes with various other data than just the text within the documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In \gls{lda}, the data used is a corpus of documents, with each document containing a sequence of words.
However, the dataset that will form this corpus also often comes with various other data than just the text within the documents.
```

> In \gls{lda}, the data used is a corpus of documents, each document containing a sequence of words. However often the dataset that will form this corpus also comes with various other data than just the text within the documents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In \gls{lda}, the data used is a corpus of documents, each document containing a sequence of words. 
However, the dataset that will form this corpus often also comes with various other data, such as categories, authors, similar words.
```

> This includes authors, but can also include a wide variety of other information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

% Metadata definition

> We define this other data as meta-data, that is data related to the documents in the corpus, but not directly a part of the text.
> In most models, meta-data is not used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We define this other data as metadata, that is data related to the documents in the corpus, but not directly a part of the text.
In most models, metadata is not used.
```

> However there is some previous work that attempt to make full use of the dataset available by incorporating various metadata into topic models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there is some previous work that attempts to make full use of the dataset available by incorporating various metadata into topic models.
```

> However there is some previous work that attempt to make full use of the dataset available by incorporating various metadata into topic models.

Reviewer: Kilder, og så må der uddybes hvordan metadataen inkorporeres i related works, hvis det ikke beskrives kort her.

> In most models, meta-data is not used.
> However there is some previous work that attempt to make full use of the dataset available by incorporating various metadata into topic models.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In most models, meta-data is not used.
However, there is some previous work that attempts to make full use of the dataset available by incorporating various metadata into topic models.
```

% In this paper
In this paper, we will be taking a closer look at a specific dataset and construct different topic models that incorporate various metadata.

> We do this in order to see if they can improve the quality of the topics or the efficiency of the model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We do this to see if they can improve the quality of the topics or the efficiency of the model.
```

We will also investigate the differences between the produced topics for various models, and evaluate their potential uses.

> We will be using a dataset from Nordjyske, a danish news agency who maintains multiple local newpapers throughout the north Jutland region.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will be using a dataset from Nordjyske, a danish news agency that maintains multiple local newspapers throughout the North Jutland region.
```
